707 remove unwrap (#736)
aranya-project/aranya-core: crates/aranya-policy-lang/tests/data/tictactoe.md

        let player = envelope::author_id(envelope)
        // the query expression searches the fact database for facts which
        // match the signature, returning an Optional containing either all
        // values marked with ?, or None. Matching on the result binds the

>         // value inside an Optional; the None arm recalls to reject the command.

Reviewer: This description seems erroneous. There is no matching going on here; this should describe the `or` operator.

        let player = envelope::author_id(envelope)
        // the query expression searches the fact database for facts which
        // match the signature, returning an Optional containing either all
        // values marked with ?, or None. The `or` operator unwraps the result

>         // of the query, if it is `Some`, or invokes the todo() expression,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // of the query, if it is `Some`, or invokes the test_fail() expression,
```
